well howdy there and I know the people
it's Bo a gown so today we're going to
talk about a missing takeaway there's a
conversation that's happening because of
a whole bunch of events and it's the way
wrong conversation because one what's
being asserted is just not true in to
that conversation is it's overshadowing
a much more important takeaway so that's
what we're going to talk about today if
you've missed it a whole bunch of
journalists correspondents and reporters
have had let's just call them less than
favorable interactions with the law this
week but takeaway that's being discussed
is that well these actions they're gonna
have a chilling effect on free speech
they're gonna chill freedom of the press
the takeaway being that the journalists
correspondents and reporters that ride
into the vents like that well they're
gonna stop doing their jobs because of
this okay that's just not true that is
not true I happen to know a few
journalists like that that they go to
those events or they used to now it's
not going to chill them it's not going
to deter them from doing their job they
love that stuff that's not a traumatic
event for them that's a cool story to
tell later now if it was more severe and
more prolonged maybe but right now no no
it's not even a worry I know a lot of
journalists who actually really enjoy
that type of stuff I mean they love it
I'm looking at you for it Fisher but
this whole conversation is overshadowing
something much more important none of
these journalists were threats none of
them were threats none of them could be
mistaken as a threat but they have force
used against them what is all this about
law enforcement wants us to just accept
their determination of wind forces is
necessary but they've shown live in some
cases that they don't have a clue of
when it is necessary if you can't
determine that people clearly marked as
press with a camera with mics and
everything else are not a threat to you
then you shouldn't have a badge and if
you used force knowing that they weren't
a threat to you then you shouldn't have
a badge if it was confusing and you even
had a moment of thinking of well maybe
this is dangerous you shouldn't have a
badge that's the important take away law
enforcement has a really poor record of
being able to to threat assess maybe we
need more classes on threat assessment
and less on being a warrior comp you got
to get home at the end of your shift
because the problem is they bought into
their own propaganda they're concerned
about that they're worried the reality
is being a cop is not that dangerous
I know that flies in the face of
everything you get told every day look
it up Bureau of Labor Statistics
fishermen loggers roofers pizza delivery
drivers all have more dangerous jobs
being a cop isn't even in the top ten
I would suggest that the fact that the
majority of this country holds their
pizza delivery driver to a higher
standard in regards to the accuracy of
their order than they do law enforcement
in regards to the accuracy of their
bullets might be part of the problem
especially when they have demonstrated
live on the air in some cases that they
cannot determine what a threat is or is
not that's a much more important
takeaway it is much more relevant to
this conversation because journalists
they're gonna ride into this stuff
they love it and as far as I'm sure the
claim is going to come out what they
weren't complying or something they're
going to make something up these were
corporate journos okay I might buy that
if it was indica respondents because
they do have a habit of telling law
enforcement to go somewhere else but
these people worked for CNN and local
affiliates no no that's not happening
here you could say that for somebody
else this is something that needs to be
addressed and it needs to be done
quickly and this is something that
everybody should be pushing their local
Department for before there's a problem
only you can stop city fires anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good day